tidb_row_checksum(): Update docs (#17633)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/tidb-functions.md

SET GLOBAL tidb_enable_row_level_checksum = ON;
```

> Now you need to re-connect to activate this for your session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration only takes effect for newly created sessions, so you need to reconnect to TiDB.
```
